Call with Ted
Ted: [00:00:00] Okay. Um, so to bring you up to speed, um, we own medical offices, medical clinics that do a lot of it.
It started out as HRT, you know, like hormones and stuff like that. Mm-hmm. Antiaging. Mm-hmm. And, and, um, it's
really morphed into like a full concierge care. Um, um, what we noticed was as adult age, there's other issues, you
know, high, high blood pressure mm-hmm.
Ted: Di diabetes, et cetera, et cetera, that we had to treat and take care of. Mm-hmm. But before we were able to
optimize everything else, so, so instead of having to send them off to another physician, you know, we, you know, we.
You know, that could take weeks, right? We, we are like, well, hell, we're trained to do all that.
Ted: So, so, so we, we [00:01:00] basically become their specialist, like their pri pri primary care, um, doc and
mm-hmm. And so, um, you know, it's, it's kind of like an elite Level me membership where we take care of everything
from your vitamins, minerals, hormones, um, all your lab levels, you know, all the pri primary care type stuff.
Ted: Um, if, if somebody needs any kind of medication, whether it's, um, I mean everything mm-hmm. From like a
DHD to weight loss meds to whatever, um, you know, we'll, we'll. Prescribe that. So, and we, we have a story, it's kind
of cool. Um, we, we use a data mining software called Tab, tab, tab Tableau, which quite frankly [00:02:00] might,
eventually, probably will get replaced by some kind of ai.
Ted: Mm-hmm. Um, it, it, it essentially takes all the lab values and all the other database things that we know about
this individual and at their very first baseline, what we call it, the baseline meeting mm-hmm. Prior to, prior to them
starting. Mm-hmm. It says, Hey, hey, this is where you're at and this is what you need to do to become optimal.
Ted: You know, and so we, we basically track their pro progress mm-hmm. Throughout, throughout. I mean, could be
the rest of their, their, their lives. I mean, we, we started this company about 13 years ago. Mm-hmm. Um, and, and
so, you know, we've taken care of a lot of folks and, and there there's been folks that are, that are with us for, you
know, 10, 12, 12 years.
Ted: So. [00:03:00] Gotcha, gotcha. Um, so like in short, like
Luis: you try to like, uh, centralize all the verticals, right? Instead of like, uh, like,
Ted: oh, so, so, so, so, so all that care is really done under the medical side. Mm-hmm. What, what, what we have
vertically integrated is the compound far, far pharmacy that we own. Gotcha. So they basically, all the specialized
meds get, gets made by, by them.
Ted: Mm-hmm. And then same, same day, it'll get shipped out to, to wherever that. Her person lives. So
Luis: yeah, man, this stuff is, uh, this is, this is really interesting, man. Um, actually, this kind of stuff has been really
catching my eye lately. I, I've been seeing a lot of, uh, some new like clinics here in Miami that are popping up that
are like this, or it's like, you know, it's very, uh, personalized [00:04:00] health, essentially, right?
Luis: Um, and it, correct. Yeah. People, people really want that, right? People are tired of all this, uh, cookie cutter
stuff that your, your traditional medicine is giving you. Um, so like I, I, I can see that there's a trend in that markets.
'cause I keep seeing more and more of these companies. Um, that's,
Ted: yeah. The, the, the challenge is, you know, uh, so, so I like what you're saying.
Ted: I'm not sure that I'm seeing necessarily the same trend. I mean, I'm kind of fighting two different issues, so.
Mm-hmm. One, one, when we first started, we were really some of the first to like do it because mm-hmm. You know,
back, back in the day it was, oh my god, li like hormones, they're gonna give you this and that.
Ted: Mm-hmm. They're gonna kill you. They're gonna give you a heart attack. Mm-hmm. And, you know, everything

that we knew to be true is finally coming out and saying, oh [00:05:00] wait, no, no, no. Yeah, you're right. Optimal
levels are healthy. They, they won't harm you. You know? I mean, so like, everything is now privy to be true and, and
so that's great.
Ted: Um, but there's more competition now. Mm-hmm. So, I mean, like, we, we were, we were one of the fastest
growing companies in the, up in our area in probably the, the four, five state area. Nice. For like, for like seven years,
but then 2020 happened, and then along comes telehealth, right? Mm-hmm. And, and so, so everybody's able, or
feels like now all, all of a sudden they have access to the internet, they can diagnose themselves, they can just get
what they want over the internet by, you know, o ordering online or Yeah.
Ted: Ace synchronous, ace synchronous form from a physician. Yeah. And they might get [00:06:00] bits and. Pieces
of it. So it is kind of like the Amazon of medicine, right? I mean, it's kind of like, yeah, it's fast, easy, cheap, but is it
good? Y you know, I mean, and it's like, it, it, it sucks because people will take cheap and fast.
Ted: Sometimes many times over. Good. Right. You know, and especially now when everybody's trying to pinch
pennies, inflation, yeah. Et cetera, et cetera. It's like, man, you know, not only do you have more people in the space
doing it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Now, now you are, you are competing with literally everybody because the DEA
changed the way physicians are allowed to do health screening, so.
Ted: Mm-hmm. Now, now they, they could do a telehealth call, right? Yeah. And they could have, they, they could
have somebody literally, you know, touch their own throat and say, okay, do, do you, do you feel any, any, you know,
whatever hard it is, [00:07:00] or, you know, whatev, whatever it is. And I'm like, you know, how does somebody get,
get, give themself?
Ted: You know, a physical Right. You know? Yeah. So, so I mean, it's, it's, but, but, but, but they had to do it during
2020, right? Because, because a, a lot of clinics were sh shut, shut down, and folks still needed access to their
medicine, so, yeah. Yeah. So, so I don't know if the DA is going to kind of, especially on controlled substances.
Ted: Okay. So like test testosterone and like Adderall, all of those things are con, are, are, are what's considered a
controlled substance. Yeah. So, so, so those re require a, a, like an actual physical exam. Well, all that would change,
of course, during, during 2020. So I, unless the DEA reverts back to the way it was, which I don't see them doing it
because,
Luis: not an, I don't think the administration, [00:08:00] I think.
Ted: Well, no, definitely not. Not in this one. And probably not even on the other side. Yeah. Because it's giving, it's
giving access to, to poor, poor folks, you know, and stuff that, that they can't drive. Yeah. Two hours, you know, that,
that, that, that, you know, say in eastern Kentucky Right. That they, they can't drive two hours to see a physician.
Ted: Yeah. You know? So, so, so it is helpful in many ca cases. Yeah. But it's harmful, it's harmful to us who had
already made the investment in brick and mortar offices, you know, and all that. Yeah,
Luis: for sure. Man. It's
Ted: like, well, fuck, I mean, it's hard for us to compete mm-hmm. With, with a doc doctor working out of his ho
Luis: Yeah.
Ted: Out of his house. Y you know, so, um, so we've, we've had to really, I. And, um, um, you know, so, so we're,
we're doing [00:09:00] a lot of. To telehealth too. I mean, yeah. So I mean, that, that's, yeah. I mean, you know, you,
you just gotta pivot and it makes sense for a lot of the existing clients that we already know. You know, it is like, look,
d if you don't want to come in, you don't want to drive, drive in, hell just take, take the call anyway.
Ted: Right. You know, I mean, so, um. Although there, there are still some folks that enjoy coming in and that, that

kind kind of thing. But that's, so then, then we, we also do aesthetics. So we, we do a lot of non-invasive type type
stuff like fillers and tox and, and, and that kind of thing. And that, that is a growing market.
Ted: Mm-hmm. I mean, it's already been a big market for girls, but even for like men and skincare mm-hmm. And all
that. Mm-hmm. Um, you know, it, no, nobody wants to look older. Right. So, so, so, so [00:10:00] it's become a pretty
big, big thing. So, so, so that's a. A good, good thing. And that that's, that's not something that you could do via
telehealth.
Ted: So,
Luis: um, not necessarily, not at all. And then, um, I guess the other thing that comes to mind is not necessarily like
telehealth or like the same, you know, kind of care you would get in person, but like, uh, optimized insight or
optimized health. Like, I don't know, do some companies that come to mind, I don't know if you've heard of, uh,
function Health?
Luis: Yes.
Ted: Right. Both function, function and Life Force Life are, are both, both really good examples of a national
competitor. In fact, lifeforce all of their graphs, all of their grids. Mm-hmm. Like all of their health metrics mm-hmm.
Came, right, came right from our story. I, I kid you not everything that I developed 12 year, year, [00:11:00] years ago,
their exact thing, it, it came from, from what I designed.
Ted: Oh, wow. So, yeah, I mean, so I, I mean, I'm not saying that they copied me, I'm just saying that we, we've been
doing it for that long. So, so, yeah. I mean, it's cool. Li Lifeforce is doing it the right way and they're, they're all
telehealth,
Luis: so, so I actually did some work with, uh, Peter Diamandis, like couple years ago.
Luis: Um, helped him with some marketing campaigns for a book. Um, but, um, yeah, I mean the, the, him, him and
Tony Robinson, they had, they made an investment in. Lifeforce, I believe so, yeah. And then, yeah, there's, um, you
know, there's a, what's this called? 10 x and you know, he, he did, um, function. So yeah, that, that, that's that.
Luis: I guess those are the kind of companies that have caught my eye. Right. So that's,
Ted: yeah. Well, RI Ryan, [00:12:00] Ryan, Heidi both work for 10 x, right?
Luis: That's correct. That's correct. Yeah.
Ted: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I, I mean, yeah, they're, they're doing shit, right, I assume, I mean mm-hmm. I don't
know that. 10 XI, I mean, they seem to be all over the place.
Ted: Yeah. I mean, like they're, they're doing everything from, you know, health ranked terrain, exercise physiology to
mm-hmm. You know, supplements to whatever. We're a little bit, probably more narrow, both focused on the medical
side, but Yeah. Um, so what, but, but they, they, they do a lot of really cool shit too.
Ted: So,
Luis: so what's your, your, your company called?
Ted: It's called ENNU. It's pronounced Anu. Anu Got it. Anu, yeah. It was 25 5. Again, do.com. So two five again.com.
That's still up, but it, but it's, but it's a new do [00:13:00] co.co.
Luis: New do co. Let's do that now. Yeah. Got it. Yeah.

Ted: Yeah, so it's a shitty site. Honestly, we're, we're redoing it, but, um, um, I can send you the social links too.
Ted: We have a, we, we have an aesthetic site, social, and we have a, a more medical
Luis: Yeah,
Ted: social as well. Um, so just to
Luis: give you some, uh, uh, uh, insight on like what, you know, what I do, what, what I'm really special at and what I,
you know, what my strengths are. Uh, essentially, I, I, I work right now at the CTO level, right?
Luis: For, uh, three different companies. Um, primarily right now my focus is with, uh, this, uh, algorithmic trading
company. I'm serving as a CTO. And basically I just oversee all the, anything, technology and marketing and all the
initiatives in that direction. Um, and then I also have a, a file links, and that's where we just generate agency services,
essentially for clients, right?
Luis: I mean, I, I've been, you know, building [00:14:00] websites and helping online businesses for almost 20 years
now. Huh, okay. Started when I was 14, building websites and just that evolved to building apps and then consulting
and then, um, you know, eventually starting my own, you know, side hustles that became, you know, their own, um,
uh, partnerships with other partners.
Luis: Um, there's lots of course, that's kind of like a fun side gig.
Ted: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Luis: yeah, man. But, uh, basically, um, yeah, uh, really, you know, my focus is really in technology and marketing,
right? The, the, the bridge, um, at those two roads. And right now with ai, um, that's like heavily what I do. I'm a, I'm a
full stack developer.
Luis: I have a, you know, full stack development, uh, background. I used to, you know, build apps, you know,
traditionally by hand. Um, yeah. Yeah.
Ted: Yeah. That, that's, that. That's awesome.
Luis: Yeah. But yeah, I mean, now I still do like, and now I, [00:15:00] I build them even better and faster and I mean,
it's really incredible what's happened in the last six, 12 months.
Luis: It's like, I, I got a whole new set of superpowers essentially. Um,
Ted: yeah. No shit. Thanks. Thank you. Ai. Yeah.
Luis: Yeah. That was cool. Um, and so like, yeah, man, I mean, every, every couple weeks I'm, I'm like, you know,
implementing something, you know, pretty groundbreaking at, at one of my companies. Um, especially right now with
just, uh, everything that's changing with content creation and, um, automation.
Luis: Um. Increasing the output of our current team, right? Instead of having to hire, uh, more sales reps who can
just duplicate the output of our current ones. Um,
Ted: yeah, man. Yeah, for sure.
Luis: Enhancing the user experience, right, of like the, the, the, the consumer, right? Like really just, uh, being able to
prototype, you know, new ideas for like, how the user flow should be, the marketing flow should be, how the user
experience should be, um, getting some feedback [00:16:00] like really quickly.
Luis: And then, um, I doing a ideation, design development and, uh, deployment, like in a fraction of the time that

where there used to be, you know, um, yeah.
Ted: Yeah.
Luis: Sorry. So,
Ted: so on the marketing side, like how much experience do you have, if any, with like Cubs, Spott.
Luis: Oh, that's my bread and butter, man. I'm talking my language.
Ted: Is it really Okay. Because, because we are literally in the middle of like an implementation with them and, and a
lot of the workflows and stuff are being built, built out. But I know my team, I. Is kind of, I, I mean, we're going at a
pace, but not anywhere near at the pace that we want, and we're just looking for some basic shit.
Ted: I mean mm-hmm. Like, that's really where I think, I mean, there's so many areas where we can improve, but I
mean, we have so many years and so much financial, I mean, I mean so much patient data. [00:17:00] Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. And, and I mean that, I just think we just, the me messaging and our marketing efforts could just be so
much better.
Ted: I mean,
Luis: absolutely. Um, absolutely, man. I mean, um, like there's just like a. Before, yeah, you should always be
personalizing your messages. And in the past we used to like personalize messages, but these were like set in stone
templates, right? They were like static templates. Um, now we still use static templates, but we're more and more
using just this autonomous AI that's basically, uh, responding Right.
Luis: Um, in a, in a personalized manner. Right? But it's, it's not a template, it's just autonomously speaking back to
the, to the lead. It's,
Ted: that's awesome. Yeah. That's awesome. And is it sending them a text, uh, of, of, of like what, like what, what,
what, what are the different forms of communication? Yeah,
Luis: so we use all channels, right?
Luis: Uh, yeah, we do like an omnichannel approach. [00:18:00] So the HubSpot is the, the, the king of CRMs. I've
been using them for almost, well, 10 years, maybe more. Um. I bought into them when they used to charge like 20
KA license, but now they're, they've gone really mass market and they, they've really taken the industry and, you
know, they're undisputed the champs, I would say.
Luis: Um, okay,
Ted: good. Well, I, I, I'm glad because the guy that, that I hired, um, it didn't work out, but, but that was the
recommendation that he had about a year ago. Yeah. So we ended up going with it. It's just the implementation's
been really, really slow. So
Luis: it's a really sophisticated CRM, um, it has a ton of bells and whistles depending on what, what license you
have.
Luis: Right. But if you have like, you know, all the features, there's so much you can do, um, you actually don't need
to use it all. Right. And you, you want to try to like really fine tune it and, and customize it to you. [00:19:00] There's a
lot of like, uh, I don't know, HubSpot, like there. Uh, templates and workflows. You can just like, I guess buy and
import, but like, none of that stuff ever works.
Luis: You really gotta like, yeah. The best way to really dial in a, a marketing campaign right, is you, it first starts

organic, like you really do, you know, put some energy into it and fine tune it and split test it. And once you have that
really dialed in, then you turn on the Evergreen campaign. And I mean, we do that, we do that first phase.
Luis: That usually takes like, you know, a couple weeks to a couple months, depending on how intricate it is. But then
after we have that dialed in, that campaign runs, we have campaigns that have been running for three years, four
years. I mean, we tweak 'em here and there, but like they're, nothing really has to change, you know, we know it
already worked.
Ted: Right. Don't, don't break what's not broken or, or don't go fix what's not broken. Right, right, right, right, right.
Luis: Yeah.
Ted: Shit. Okay. That's all right. Well, cool.
Luis: Really testing and split testing and getting those [00:20:00] numbers dialed in. Right. So like, and then
HubSpot's amazing, but it's even more amazing when you integrate the right services with it, right?
Luis: Uh, like what, well, one example of like how HubSpot is the industry leaders right now, Chad, GTP released a,
a new update where it's integrating with only certain. CRMs. Actually, the only CRM is HubSpot. The only CRM open
AI is integrating, which is HubSpot. Ah, uh, Google also has a native integration with Google Gemini.
Luis: Um, so HubSpot is been ready for ai and it's, it's well, uh, prepared for like, any of those connections. Right? So
we have open AI connected to our HubSpot. Additionally, we have a phone service of voiceover IP called Air Call.
They're the best in class for voiceover ip,
Ted: I think. I think we're actually using them.
Ted: Or, or, or they're, yes. Somehow we're integrating. So somehow we're using, uh, I know that, that mm-hmm.
Service has been presented to us. Yeah. Okay. Cool. [00:21:00]
Luis: And then, um. For texting, there's another service, right? 'cause I'm, I'm a big, big believer that like, um, there's
companies out there that say they do it all.
Luis: They do one stop shop. Uh, I like working, sometimes I like working with those companies, but it's not too often.
I, I, when it comes to technology, I like to work with companies that specialize on one thing really well, right? Yeah. So
like, their call just does really good voice, um, and text, uh, calling. They do texting as well.
Luis: Um, but then there's another one called Intercom that, that does a lot of our omnichannel stuff. So if somebody
sends a DM on Instagram, uh. Then goes to our websites, uh, we can respond to them through, you know, the, our
live chat or, you know, our automated calling system. We will call them from Aircall. Uh, the transcript will get, you
know, transcribed and gets sent to another AI called grainy ai.
Luis: That transcript gets like a, a score of how good the sales closer did on that call. [00:22:00] Right? And then the
manager, shut the fuck out. Yeah, shut the fuck out. The manager that's awesome. Gets that data immediately. It's all
sent to our Slack where we, you know, uh, the executive team can like, review it. Yeah. Um, it also goes to the sales
closer so that he can make improvements.
Luis: It'll tell him, Hey, you know, you, you could have, uh, uh, slowed down your cadence here. Um, you were right.
You weren't very clear on the, on the proposition at this point. Um, here's how you can do better or, so, like, that's an
example of improving the output of our sales team. Right. Just by giving them more insight into.
Luis: What they're, you know, they're, they're good at what, they're not good at what, you know, script works best for
them, for what kind of client, right? So like all these things we, you know, we've always known and we try to like,

acquire that data and insight as much as possible, but like it's a process, right?
Luis: But now AI just making it a lot more feasible, right? Um, as long as you got the right team and the [00:23:00]
right manager to oversee these things, right? Um, it, it, it really does open so many doors. Um, especially just if, if you
have all this data that is, I mean, that is, uh, a gold mine right there, right? Uh, all that.
Luis: Well,
Ted: that's it. I mean, that, that is kind of it, right? Finding what, what, what is, um, you know, what, what data, and I
mean like when you and I were talking about, you know, you were talking about how AI could impact us in ways that I
wasn't even thinking it was like. Quite frankly, two steps ahead of where I was even thinking.
Ted: So, I mean, it's awesome.
Luis: Um, so like, right, right now, like what I'm really focused on right now is, uh, building these AI agents. So, um,
essentially these are AI agent employees. Uh, we, we, we have a, a, a marketing AI agent, a social media AI agent, a
copywriting AI agent. Right? So whenever I need some, a new [00:24:00] headline or a new idea for a script, I'll
mm-hmm.
Luis: Start a conversation with my copywriting agent. You get me and my copywriting agent has all the knowledge
from my HubSpot. It has, it has all the transcripts of every phone call my, my team has had. So That's awesome.
Yeah. You know, so it, it'll, it knows exactly what to do, you know, so it, yeah, we, we we're trying to like.
Luis: Create also like assistance. So we also do have a, a, a project manager and a, and a client success manager
and a sales director. So, uh, these guys also have their own like assistant AI agents who, who kind of, you know,
they, they know their schedule, they know their meetings, they know, you know, what reports that or, or, so they just
help 'em be more productive essentially.
Luis: Um,
Ted: so when, when, when you, when you said if you have the right guy overseeing this, it makes it obviously much
better. Of course. But [00:25:00] give me an example of what qualities you would see that individual needing to have.
Luis: Well, I mean, um, the, the overseeing would be like your, I mean, I'm, you have a manager, I'm, I'm guessing
right now, right?
Luis: Well, like, like A
Ted: CMO kind of thing.
Luis: Like a, yeah. Cm Well, I'm, no, I mean like, you want also your, your. Your entry level sales rep, you want him to
have, um, some, like, you want him to also be engaging with these ais, right? Because it's gonna help him. Mm-hmm.
And all the way up the chain to, to your CMO. Um, definitely just, you know, have, you know, experience with, with the
traditional, like project management tools like Asana, HubSpot, slack.
Luis: Mm-hmm. Right. As long as they're, you know, uh, fluent in using those apps, then, you know, having AI
assisting them is just gonna make them even faster or more effective. [00:26:00]
Ted: I think they're, they're using. Click up for like different, like tasks and sprints mm-hmm. And stuff. Um mm-hmm.
Um, that, that one I know for sure.
Ted: I, I oversee kind of everything, so, you know, I am aware of most, but not, I'm certainly not, um, ma master of
anything, so. Gotcha. Um, you know, I, I just know that we need. You know, we need serious help to kind of get back,
get back the, the business that we have or had. I mean, we, we need to be able to adapt, um, much quicker than I

feel like we are.
Luis: Yeah, well, I mean, you, you said, uh, you know, um, lifeforce and, and, and these other guys are like your, your
NA national competitors, and I mean, that's, that's pretty exciting to me. That's kind of like, uh, of my alley. I tend to, I
don't work [00:27:00] necessarily with startups. I, I work really like with companies that who are like, are scale up, like
call, right?
Luis: Yeah. That, that have all the right ingredients, um, you know, have the right team, have the right product. Um,
at, at, at that point is where I can really, you know, provide value. Right. Um. You know, Ted, I, I, I was, uh,
considering, you know, how, how I could help you, right? And like, uh, I feel like, uh, maybe I can just really put some
more thought into this, right?
Luis: Because I, I was just gonna send you some links and let you do some research, but, you know, there, there is,
uh, actually some possibility that, that I could, uh, put together like a proposal for you on just like coming in, like at a
consulting, uh, you know, basis. Even if it's on a per meeting basis or, or on a per project basis, we can just kind of
iron out those details.
Luis: I mean, I think I know exactly what you're looking for and it's not a, it's not a, it's know instant thing that
happens overnight. These, these things take time, right? Yeah. But if you plan it out properly, [00:28:00] um, you, the
execution time can, can really be shortened if, if it's well thought out, right? Um, you know, choosing the wrong
software can really set you back.
Ted: Yeah. No, no doubt. But it does sound like we're already on the right path. I mean, as far as software goes.
Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah. Yeah. So, um, you know, I'd love to probably just set up a, I mean, would, would you wanna
meet with, or, or at least have a Zoom call with, you know, one or two of the folks that, that would know most of the
answers that you're, that, that you might have questions to?
Ted: Yeah, what I'm
Luis: thinking is, uh, yeah, if I can, you know, get a little bit more insight, right? We can do one more meeting, a
Zoom meeting and, um, and okay, give me just a little bit more of the meat and potatoes, right? Um, I could, you
know, sit down, you know, I can provide you a, a, an, an audit essentially, [00:29:00] right?
Luis: Um, and, and. Put together a, a strategy, uh, you know, not necessarily just one strategy. It's usually multiple
strategies. Right. Um, just like a, a long, a long, there's a, there's a long-term overarching picture, right. That's, that's
what I try to help my clients achieve. Right. Right. What, what is that ultimate goal, right?
Luis: And what are the milestones in between to get us there? Um, mm-hmm. So, you know, doing that audit will help
me, uh, fully understand everything. Right? Yeah. But I think I gotta just like, without, even without you telling me
more, I have already enough information to really put together a plan for you. And this is what I meant.
Luis: I mean, it's, it's, it's the same thing. I, I do the same thing for all the businesses. They all need the same exact
thing. They're, you know, it's, uh, what
Ted: you're saying that I'm not special? What, what the fuck? Come on man. You
Luis: are special man. You are. Of course. I'm just kidding. But, you know, I'm kidding. That's actually where a lot of
businesses like.
Luis: Kind of hiccup and like they try [00:30:00] to get creative and, and you really gotta wanna stick to the
fundamentals, like get those fundamentals out then.
Ted: No, I, I totally agree, man. Keep it simple, you know? I mean, yeah. Keep it simple. My, my, my fear is my, my
team is so buried. I. Just getting stuff out mm-hmm. That they're missing, that they're missing out on, on kind of the

new tools that are out there already.
Ted: Mm-hmm. That can, that can, that could help them, you know? Mm-hmm. I mean, like where, where, where,
where, that's exactly where, where you're at, right? I mean, you know, you're, you are, you are, you're already using
these tools. You're already aware of these, these tools. Yeah. You know, you know, and so why, why have us wait a
couple years to get to the point where you're already at?
Ted: So, no. So, yeah. I mean, exactly. So, so yeah. I mean, if you wanna put something together, fine. If you want to,
uh, if you want, want, want me to set up a Zoom or a teams meeting, uh, with some of them later [00:31:00] this
week, I could, I mean, I think a 30 minute conversation with them might not be bad, but, but, but, but, um, um, if you
already think you have a pretty good handle on it, I mean, that's fine.
Ted: Whatever, so,
Luis: no. Yeah. I think, um. Can you tell me about your team? Like, so you have a CMO, you have a CTO, you have
a,
Ted: so we, we, we, we let the the CMO go. Um, okay. He was from Lima per, okay. Um, he hired several folks that
he had worked with prior and they are still. On the team. Um, um, uh, so, so yeah, we, we have graphic designers, so
social media con content.
Ted: We have a social media manager, Uhhuh. Um, we, we, we have a 20 year vet agency vet that is a digital, um,
[00:32:00] you know, Google expert, um, SEO, um, and meta meta buyer expert. Mm-hmm. Um, and so they're,
they're integrating all of that into HubSpot now. Mm-hmm. So we can track, so we can track the ad spin and the ad
efficacy.
Ted: Um, um, his name is Brian. Mm-hmm. So say Brian, Marissa Elda, and then, then our team in. Peru is Theo.
Mm-hmm. Zaina, um, Renzo is more of the tech, tech guy. Mm-hmm. Um, um, probably somebody that you would
speak the same language with. Got it. Um, and then we have ano another, another guy, uh, Steven Bennett, um, who
works in our office as well.
Ted: Um, and he's more the data. I mean, he's kind of the catchall. Mm-hmm. You know, he, he's the kid that, that
A-C-A-C-T and, you know, didn't miss a question and got it. He got [00:33:00] paid to go to college, you know, I mean,
he's, he, he, he's off the chart. Smart. And, and what's good is he's been with us now for a couple years, young kid.
Ted: And he knows everything. I mean, like meaning that he, he knows everything that we're trying to do. Mm-hmm.
And I think he could probably better explain it than me, to be honest. So, um, so, so, so really, really sharp, sharp,
sharp team. I mean, and everyone in office. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone's in office except for Theo Zaina and Zo
Luis: Gotcha.
Luis: Who are overseas. Yeah. That's cool, man.
Ted: Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I, I mean, it's a lightweight team. I mean, we're not back backed by like, any equity. It's just
me. Mm-hmm. You know, so, so, um, it's a self-funded thing and, and, um, um, it's been fun, but I mean, you know,
the. Pivot is huge, right? I mean, you know, we, you know, we, [00:34:00] we grew so fast by taking all the different
membership levels that we had.
Ted: Mm-hmm. And we just combined it all down to one and we said, look, you don't have to make a de decision. It's
a one price thing. And for one price, you get everything. Well, I mean, that sounds great. And we, we, we grew super
fast. But now, you know, I mean, everybody can pick and choose, you know, fast, easy, cheap, you know, and, and,
uh, um, so, so, you know, we, we, we have to make a decision, really, right?
Ted: I mean mm-hmm. Do we compete in that space or, or do, do we, do we stand out by being more, more, um, uh,

more thorough, you know, better, more high. Concierge. Mm-hmm. So we, we also own a site called uh, tripods.com.
It's like the
Luis: tripods,
Ted: tri tripods try TRY pons [00:35:00] PONC e.com. It, it's, it's, what you see up there now is really just a beta site,
but, but it's a, it's, it's, it's gonna compete with like, himss himss, you know, it is like an a asynchronous type offering.
Ted: Oh. You know, where you fill, fill out forms and, and they, they just either get approved or not based on the forms
that they fill out. So, um, so that, that's really just a part. Pharmacy mm-hmm. Play, right? I mean, you know, that, that
would just be a low, low cost, high, high volume type type thing. So. Got it. So we, we, we were rolling that out to
really catch the folks that didn't want everything, you know, that, that didn't want to pay four or 5,000 do dollars a year.
Ted: Mm-hmm. You know, um, you know, that they just wanted, or, or at least they think that they want just one thing.
Mm-hmm. Um, so we, we were gonna, [00:36:00] you know, do that kind of thing under a different brand mm-hmm.
And try, try to keep our main brand
Luis: mm-hmm.
Ted: You know, try, try to keep that intact. Mm-hmm. So
Luis: I. So, um, and then Nu but, so the flagship product of Nu is, uh, is the membership, right?
Luis: Yes. Yeah. Yep. Got it. And, um, how many members? Well, it's really the
Ted: assessment, so it's, the assessment is really the product that I think you want people to focus on. Mm-hmm. It's,
it's almost exactly, I mean, I'm telling you.
Ted: How I did it. I mean, li li li Lifeforce says for 5 99, you can buy the onetime. Mm-hmm. Di di diagnostic, right?
Yeah. They give you the plan. Or for 3 49, you, you can join [00:37:00] and will create you, you know, yada, yada,
yada. So, I mean, they, they've done it right. Um, and so we're, we're like really selling the knowledge of being able
to, to tell you where you're at now, and the know of knowing what to do when things change.
Ted: So as you get older, you know, your body changes, right? Mm-hmm. Well, your, your regular physician has no
fucking clue what to do. Yeah. So, so I mean, like, like that's where we specialize. I mean, you know, and, and, um,
um, that, that's the difference between us and everybody else. And, you know, we have. Peptide the therapy and, um,
I really want to get into the D-D-D-D-N-A and the me me Yeah.
Ted: And the methylation too. Um, I know 10 x is doing a lot. Yeah, man. Yeah,
Luis: man. I mean, so yeah. There's a ton of like room for growth there, right? And so, yep, yep. Once you have the
technology and the [00:38:00] marketing and the processes all dialed in, um, with, with one of, you know, the, one of
the verticals you call 'em, right?
Luis: It's, it's becomes really easy to establish the other ones, right? Just 'cause it's, it's gonna utilize the same
systems. Right. And, and the, the marketing will just, you know, work off each other. One, one brand supplements the
other in a sense. Um, yeah.
Ted: Yeah.
Luis: That's the holy grail. Um, I'm, so, I'm curious how, how many members do you have?
Ted: Um, full-time. Me, me, me members. We have about half of what we had, so we dwindled down to about 1800.

Luis: 1800.
Ted: So yeah, I mean, it was close to 4,000 full-time.
Luis: Yeah.
Ted: So
Luis: that's, well, that's churn, that's churn for you, right? It's just us.
Ted: Well, it, it, it's just, it's our, see, it's our inability to fill the bucket. The, the, the [00:39:00] churn has stayed about
the same.
Ted: Mm-hmm. It's just that our inability to fill the bucket because of the competitive space. And, or, I mean, see, our
biggest channel was like live radio. Mm-hmm. TT tv. Well, shit, nobody listens to the live radio anymore. Nobody
watches TV anymore, so, so yeah. I mean, like literally 2020 or, or since 2018 to 2022 mm-hmm.
Ted: We were going, we were, we were going through a Titanic shift mm-hmm. Where whereas our competitors had,
had the, had really the benefit of the social channels already being there and the DEA changing the laws. Mm-hmm.
It was kind of a, it, it was a perfect time mm-hmm. For someone to start a telehealth mm-hmm.
Ted: Company. But it was a horrible [00:40:00] time for someone like us who has all these brick and mortar facilities
and the costs there to try to. Pivot overnight. Mm-hmm. You know? Mm-hmm. So, so, so, so anyway, we're we, we've
gotten on the other end of it and now, now we're ready to, um, you know Yeah. Get back in the game as you are.
Luis: So, uh, uh, I'm, I'm just looking at the website right now. Um, there's, there's like so many ideas that are flowing
through my mind right now, actually. Um, what, what's the story behind the name Eno
Ted: there? So, it's not meant to be anything, actually, it was an abstract name. I mean, um, you know, so, so the
idea was, um, it could be something or not, nothing at all.
Ted: Um, you know, but it's, um, we, we had to get away from the 25 5 again gateway, quite frankly. 'cause Huh?
Luis: You said gateway. [00:41:00]
Ted: No, I said we had to get away. Oh, get
Luis: away
Ted: from, from 25 again or so, we thought, because a lot of our clients on the aesthetic side held, they were only 26,
27, 25, 24. You know, so, so, so, so the, it was never meant to be an age thing necessarily.
Ted: 25 again. The reason I named the company, that was because at age 25, you are thought to be optimal.
Mm-hmm. All your hormone levels, your vi vitamin levels, um, the, the, the cells in your body are, are thought to be
the healthiest at about that age. So, so 25 5 again really meant, I mean, it was age specific, but it was really more
health wise.
Ted: Mm-hmm. You know, so it didn't mean that, hey, we're gonna take a, a, a 50-year-old guy to make him 25 again.
Mm-hmm. It meant, [00:42:00] but it does mean that we can safely and effectively change his internal chemistry
mm-hmm. To that of a 25, 5-year-old, you know, and, and I mean, quite frankly, I'm in better shape now than I was
when I was 38, you know, so.
Ted: Yeah, man. So, um, um, you know, yeah. I mean, it, it, it's awesome.
Luis: So that's awesome. Awesome. So, um, what about, um, your, um, your, uh, what's, what's the demographic?

Like, what's the target audience? What's your ideal customer?
Ted: You know, the average age is 45 to 51. Mm-hmm. I mean, if you were to say average, I mean, it dips down to 28
on the medical side, it could be anywhere from 30 to 65.
Ted: Yeah. You know, mu much over 65, you have a fixed income type issue. [00:43:00] Um, now you're, you're
talking about mar markets up here, right? I mean, where, so yeah, it's not, it's a much different market where, where,
where we're at, down, down there, you know? Um, is the majority
Luis: of your members localized? Like Yeah, yeah,
Ted: yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because we, we were based.
Ted: Brick and mortar. Mm-hmm. So we're, we're really only advertising Kentucky, Indiana, and Ohio.
Luis: Okay. So you are getting like, uh, like a growing number of people who are just like, uh, not localized there.
Ted: Right. So, so, so we, we are beginning, but we have not broadcast telehealth much. Um, but our pharmacy's
already licensed in 20 states.
Ted: Um, we're looking to do a deal with, uh, do, do doctor, uh, that has, that she's in [00:44:00] already. So we, we
have the ability to just. Almost flip the switch. I, I, I mean, like, like if you said, Hey Ted, I'm ready to go. We can, we
can effectively serve, serve ads to, to, you know, I mean, 'cause out of all the states there's probably 30 that may,
may, may make sense, right?
Ted: So, so I, I mean, um, um, yeah, I mean, we, we, we have the ability to, to scale quick. We, we have a very small
call center. I mean, we only have three, three girls. Um, but quite frankly, I mean, our competitors don't even have a
phone number, you know? Mm-hmm. They're, they're using, they're using their call center more for customer service.
Ted: I mean, whereas, you know, look, if your website can't convince somebody that's already dealing with a current
pain, right? I mean, then, you know, [00:45:00]
Luis: yeah.
Ted: Lifeforce and hims and hers does a really good job of of, of just saying, look, sign up here. Sign up now. I mean,
yeah. You know, um, if you guys are missing me
Luis: now, just to be frank, um, on the lab.
Luis: Yeah. I mean, and like I was asking about the brand name just 'cause, um, I, I, I am like very big on branding,
right? Uh, I did have a, mm-hmm. Like a, prior to my, my current agency, we had like a company called Aesthetics
Designs. Um, so we're really like focused on like the, uh, beautiful design, uh, really like engaging, uh, user flows,
right?
Luis: Mm-hmm. The smallest like little like thing can, like, really make the difference between like a, a, a 2%
conversion or a 3% conversion. Um, yep. And, and, um, branding, uh, you know, getting the messaging really dialed
in, getting that mission statement. Uh, and, uh, the. [00:46:00] Just the, the essence of the brand, right. Making sure
that that's really well communicated.
Luis: Right. Um, life force is incredible. I mean, that sounds like Yes. Yes. I love it. Um, you know, things like that, that
those really nail it on the head. I, I love it when there's one Ford Health, like, you know, moving forward. Um, you
know, uh, there's another one called Advisory, I think it is. It's a, it's like they're coming off, like I get an advisory panel
of doctors helping me.

Luis: Um mm-hmm. You know, so, um, we can definitely keep working with, you know, I'm not against it. Um, but
we'll come up with some catchy, um. Branding campaigns, right. Where mm-hmm. Maybe the, the, it's a landing page
specifically targeting women and then they're, you can have like a, well,
Ted: so, so that's what, what we're doing.
Ted: I mean, that, that's exactly, so, so they'll, they, they, they'll be able to show you [00:47:00] the, the, the wi wire
frame of, of the new site. Yeah. Which, which basically makes, you know, men, women, and then like it basically. I
think it, it, it'll be much more clear and flow with what you're Yeah. Thinking if I will. But, but I mean, but, but, but, but,
but just to let you know, we're, we're not married.
Ted: I mean, we are married to some, some things, but, but mm-hmm. But, but, but it's important for you to know that
I'm open to all ideas. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah, you
Luis: could definitely, you know, make a big difference in the marketing. Right. And it's not really a big deal.
Companies do this all the time, right? So it could be an advertisement for, uh, I don't know, I'm just female force.com
or female life force.com or, or feminine health.com or something else, right?
Luis: And then when you land on it, you know, the, the, the branding really resonates with that, you know, female.
And then somewhere, you know, in the branding it'll [00:48:00] say Female force, uh, powered by Eno or, or
something along those lines, right?
Ted: Yeah. So, so we, they've moved to a new man and a new. Woman. Mm-hmm. And we own both those domains.
Ted: Not, not that we would market that, but I mean, of course, male oriented ads you would land on a male Yeah.
Page, you know, you, you know, I mean, so, so I mean, we've contemplated already much of that, and I think you
would see it in our mar marketing. Fantastic. So, um, but yeah, but, but, but, but, but, but dude, we, we are a long,
long way from being great.
Ted: So, so, so, yeah. I mean, any, any help is, yeah, certainly echo.
Luis: What is the majority of your marketing or advertising efforts? Is it, is it Facebook? No, it's
Ted: probably, I'd say it's probably se 70% [00:49:00] digital now. Uh, Google, and then probably, um, the other paid,
paid wise. The other 30% would be social me, you know, meta.
Ted: Okay. So do you know what your, is
Luis: by any chance the, what is the, uh, uh, return on ad spend? Uh, roas.
Ted: I, I don't, um, but, but historically, um, our mar our direct marketing costs have been around 15%.
Luis: Okay. So, got it. And, um, do you know how much you're spending on ads like daily or, or monthly?
Ted: I don't, not off hand.
Ted: I mean, um, I know it's more than I wanted to, especially, um, but yeah,
Luis: so, and Right. What's the user experience like? Uh, it's like, do, do you have an app or is it all like a [00:50:00]
website and a web, like a web portal? A members area.
Ted: Yeah. Web, web portal. Um, and I think they're doing a lot with HubSpot as well, so.
Ted: Mm-hmm. Um, we don't, don't have an app. Um, and that, that might be something that, that I wanna look at
doing. I mean, you know, be, be being able to pull up all your labs and your charts and Yeah. Being able to

graphically show somebody's health and what, what their. Ages versus their by, by bi lot. Lot. Yeah.
Ted: Logical age would be awesome. You know, so
Luis: like, I love that stuff, like, just like the visualization of data, right? Like I, I mean, I, I uploaded my blood work the
other day to, to, uh, charge a TP, right? And it just gave me a ton of insight, right? Haha. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Having, I
think of, uh, forward health and, uh, uh, life force, it, they have an app, right.[00:51:00]
Luis: Um, and from the screenshots, I, it looks like a really beautiful app. It just looks, it's cool to see your data like
that in that way. Yeah. Um, do, are the Apple Health app also, like, you know, it has like all your health metrics in it,
right? So you can very quickly just, uh, export, import that stuff to your own, you know, the Enu app essentially.
Luis: But I think that would definitely, uh, that's low hanging fruit. That, that's definitely gonna be in my list of
recommendations. Um, just get a, get a quick app up and running and then, um, you know, it. It, it could be simple at
first and then it, it, it'll keep evolving. Right? Um, yeah. But then, and then the other, uh, I guess thing that's kind of
like top of mind, low hanging fruit is do, do you have an affiliate program?
Luis: Do you have like an, an influencer campaign? So,
Ted: so they're working with, um, so, so we have a Referral Pro program, which is our influencer, and then we have
an affiliate where they're, they're actually paid, [00:52:00] so, so, um, and they're working with a HubSpot login to
implement that. So, um. You know, it might be great for you to give them some insight on that too.
Luis: Yeah, yeah. No, I'm gonna, so the way I, you know, what I'm considering is just doing a, a, a full top to bottom
audit, right? From all your technology, all your systems, all your processes, um, all your marketing, uh, and then just,
um, you know, I can give you, you know, my, my advice on just what I think is best for you on, on the short term and
on the long term, right.
Luis: I can, um, you know, come, um, at a, at an advisory level, right, and just tell you, you know, what, what, what I
believe you guys should do and how to do it. Um, or I can also come in, uh. More of about, uh, you know, executing
all these different initiatives. Right. Um, sure. Um, you know, it would have to, you know, I have to really just put
together like the schedule, right?[00:53:00]
Luis: Um, I tend to work in, you know, these sprints, right? Or we'll, we'll, we'll do the heavy lifting for like three
months, right? And then things will kind of like, they can simmer down. Sometimes they ramp up even more. Yeah.
But, um, it's, that's usually, you know, a good workflow. Good. We do a good four, six week sprint, right?
Luis: We, we achieve x, y, Z goals and then we move on to the next milestone, and then right six months down the
line, we got a ton of things done.
Ted: Okay. Well, I mean, um, you know, my, my biggest thing right now is always I. Cash flow, right? I mean, so
mm-hmm. I, I just need, need to be able to, to keep the cash flow going.
Ted: Um, that, that, that's what's important to current Yeah. Current operations. So,
Luis: yeah's, what I'm curious about your return on ad spend, right? So if, if that's, you know, I would like to like, you
know, take a deep dive at your numbers, [00:54:00] um, and then get an understanding of how much, you know, I
don't
Ted: think we have enough historical See that, that's the problem.
Ted: I mean, we, we didn't have we, that, that was the problem with, with the CMO that we had before. She never
took the time to properly connect the, a lot of the uh, uh, um, meta and Google. Business to together, so you couldn't

see the lifecycle and you really couldn't match a lot of the, um, you know, acquisition costs, that kind of thing, so.
Ted: Mm-hmm. Um, I mean, you, you, you can mm-hmm. But, but, but, but it just wasn't as, you know, I mean, like,
you should be able to see it. Day by day. Right. I mean, it should be instantaneous. Yeah. So, yeah. Um, um, but, but
yeah, I mean, we, we can look at it. I think May was probably our first [00:55:00] month and it, it was a horrible month,
but, but it was our first month where the new guy had much more rain on the cost and knew what he was doing.
Ted: Got it. Um, got it. So, so at least that part's good. At least we didn't spend 70, 80 grand more than we should
have in a month. Yeah. Um, for nothing. Nothing at all. So, no. Um, yeah, we, we, we can't afford to do that.
Luis: No. Yeah. So for sure if, if low hanging fruit is just Yeah. Dialing in your, you know, your ads, um, getting some,
some good retargeting, right.
Luis: That those are like the simplest ways to like really improve the return on ad spend. Um, and, and really getting
that targeting down with HubSpot, right? Identifying those like key markers that like, um, HubSpot has its own AI
actually, and it does a really good job of like, uh, coming up with this likelihood to close percentage, likelihood to
[00:56:00] close.
Luis: Yeah. Or, and, and if you really dial in the, the, the data points that, that, that make up a, a qualified buyer, um,
and then you feed that data back to Facebook, back to Google, back to TikTok, um, and, and, and empower your,
your affiliates with, you know, you, you want to really like, make it a, you know, I, I, I've worked with a ton of affiliates
in all different kinds of industries and then, um, they, you know, they really.
Luis: Want something that is, uh, proven right, where they know that they're gonna push it to their audience and, and
they are gonna get, you know, their returns that they're looking for. Um, that it's, it's, it's streamlined. It's, it's, uh, you
know, some, a product that they would use themselves. Um, so like making this beautiful app, for example.
Luis: Um, and then, um, making an affiliate portal where the affiliate logs in, they can see how much money they're
making. They [00:57:00] can see, um, videos and images that they can like very quickly download, copy and paste
and post, like, don't, don't make them do any work. They're very lazy. Um,
Ted: no, you're right. You're, you're exactly right.
Ted: And they have to understand what the company's about, what it's from. They, they have to believe in the
mission. Mm-hmm. It's got gotta be clear. Mm-hmm. But, but you're right. They're gonna want a, they're bonus
Luis: program. Like if, if you get, you know Yeah. Five signups in one day, you, you activate this bonus and, and you
get a free trip if you do a hundred k in sales.
Ted: Right, right, right. No, 1000%, man. Yeah.
Luis: So I, I also helped build, uh, this Instagram account called Millionaire Mentor with my partner Jason. And that,
that account, um, is a, has like little over 10 million followers and, but it, it's really, um, uh, uh, uh, how do I put it? It,
it's able [00:58:00] to connect us with a lot of influencers.
Luis: Um, we, we do a lot of brand deals. We do a lot of, uh, uh, cam shoutout campaigns for, you know, different
kinds of products and services. Right. So I can definitely, well let, let's get to
Ted: that point, man. We gotta get, we gotta get to that point where we can be showcase.
Luis: I could present this affiliate program already.
Luis: I can think of like, uh, 10 people who, who would probably, you know, I know they, I mean, they, they just wanna
see that it's a, it's a solid product and it's gonna make good returns for them, right? Yeah. And, um, they, they have

huge followings on Instagram and, and TikTok and whatnot. And YouTube too is huge. If you're not doing YouTube,
definitely do YouTube and it post on Facebook.
Luis: Right now, posting on Facebook is, uh, underrated. But it's, it's coming back. Facebook is making it come back.
Okay. Um, there's a ton of ideas I got for you, brother. I really, uh, I, I really, uh, enjoy building businesses. It's
something I've been passionate about. [00:59:00] Oh,
Ted: me too, man. I, I mean, I, I, I geek out over that shit.
Ted: Yeah. So, um, so, alright, well, hey, if you recorded this call, would, would you mind like transcribing this,
throwing this into chat and Of course. And just kind of like summarizing it 'cause I'd like to share it with, with, uh,
some of the team just so they know kind of what, what we talked about.
Luis: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Luis: Uh, uh, my AI is gonna take this right as soon as we hang up and give me a bunch of ideas as well.
Ted: Alright. Well just, just, uh, tell me when you're available next and I'll be glad to set up that, that Zoom or teams, if
that's the next step.
Luis: Let me put some ideas together. I really feel like this is, this call was super insightful and I kind of got almost
everything I need really to, to, okay.
Luis: Okay. Let me, uh, put some thought into this and I think, uh, tomorrow afternoon I can shoot you an update and
then we can schedule a [01:00:00] time then, um, could be as early as tomorrow or, or sometime this week. Um,
yeah. And then, yeah, let's, let's man, you know, success loves speed, right? And that's right, right now with ai, it it's,
it's no joke.
Luis: People like the, the whole getting left behind thing is, is it's really scary actually. Like, uh, well,
Ted: but, but it's scary or it's exciting, right? I mean, you know, and it's like, fuck, I'm on, I'm on the exciting camp. So
Yeah. Like, I, I don't wanna run from it 'cause I know it's coming. I mean, you know, so it's like, man, embrace it.
Ted: How do you support it? You know, it's like, I mean, how, how can, how can we become better and not be scared
of it? You know? I mean, um, how can you, you know, so that's,
Luis: how can you provide like, I don't know, ai, how can you throw AI in the mix? How can you get it like an e new AI
that, I don't know, communicates with your [01:01:00] clients and gives them personalized insight?
Luis: Kind of like talking to strategy TP. That I,
Ted: I think we, we have, we, we have like tens of thousands of medical records and results that we could say, Hey,
a, a a 42-year-old lady just like you, you know, usually has these issues. Mm-hmm. And it could be any one of these,
I mean, it could have a really insightful conversation with somebody that gives them hope.
Ted: Mm-hmm. You know, you know, prior to coming in you, you know, because I think a lot, lot of times the girls on
the phone that, that make these outbound calls or even take the inbound calls, I think they're almost talking folks out
of it. Right. I mean, because really their only job is to get them in. I mean, get them in, get their blood test.
Ted: Because, because, because, because people believe what their blood says, right? Mm-hmm. I mean, I mean
like, because it's right there. It's right in. Front of you, so there's no [01:02:00] guesswork, right? I mean mm-hmm.
So, I mean, we can show, I mean, and dude, we know how to do what I mean, we are the best at it. Mm-hmm. So,
mm-hmm.

Ted: Um, you know, so, so that, that's our bread and butter. I, I just think, um, we need to be able to communicate
better, faster, um, and do it smarter.
Luis: So yeah, man. Absolutely. You got the right idea, and I think I know exactly what you need, brother. Let me, uh,
get right back to you. Um, I think I know exactly, you know, how to approach this in a, in a way that's, uh, makes
sense for both of us.
Luis: Right. Um, okay. Uh, obviously, you know, it's not something that, that I can, you know, I have to put a certain
amount of time into this. Um, but, uh, you'd be surprised how much I can do in a couple hours. Um, SPK,
Ted: yeah.
Luis: And I, um, I, I like to, you know, if we have a really good, competent team, you know, around us, uh, a really
sharp, you know, sales guy, really sharp marketing guy, really sharp, you know, uh, just overall operations guy.
Luis: I think you [01:03:00] mentioned a few of them already and they sound like, sounds like you got the right stuff. It
makes my job a lot easier. Um,
Ted: yeah, this, this would de definitely, I think be a very positive. You know, sign for for them too, you know?
Mm-hmm. I think working with someone that has had experience in the ai Yeah.
Ted: And the, and the tech, tech side. Yeah. And especially, and especially since you, you, you, you enjoy HubSpot.
They, they will love to hear that. Yeah. Because then they, they will feel like all this work and effort that they've put
forward to learning it Yeah. Hasn't been in vain, you know? So, so that's good.
Luis: Cool.
Luis: And like, um, you know, just as long as they're open to learning, you know, if they're coachable and, and willing
to change their ways, I, I, I tend to come into an organization and cause some disruption. I'm not gonna lie.
Ted: No, that's good though. Because I do it every day. But, but yeah. I mean, [01:04:00] but, but, but it's good though
because it's a young team.
Ted: Yeah. So I always build teams with, I try to pick smart. Folks that are young, and if they're not young, they're
youthful in spirit. Meaning, you know, they, they're, they aren't hardened by life. Right? I mean, cool. Um, so, so yeah,
that, that we, we share the same, same thing. So,
Luis: awesome brother. Alright my man. Okay.
Luis: Alright
Ted: man.
Luis: Have a good night. Thank you.

